
## 1.3.0 - 2024-05-24

I'm happy to announce next level of SARIF converters improvements :

### Changed

For all converters :

- Add ability to retrieve code snippet (`snippet` property of `region` object).
- Add `automationDetails` on `Bartlett\Sarif\Converter\ConverterInterface` with a default implementation
into `Bartlett\Sarif\Converter\AbstractConverter`.
- Add ability to print `startTimeUtc` and `endTimeUtc` properties of `invocation` object.
- Add ability to print `commandLine` property of `invocation` object.
- Add ability to provide a `fullName` property of `toolComponent` object (driver). This property is required by the Azure DevOps Advanced Security service.

**PHP_CodeSniffer** :

- Add `originalUriBaseIds` property on `run` object.
- Add `partialFingerprints` property of `result` object. This property is required by the GitHub Advanced Security service.
- Supports now the `responseFiles` property of `invocation` object.

**PHPLint** :

- Creation of a custom launcher is no more necessary with PHPLint 9.3.1 or greater. Use the `--bootstrap` option.
- Add `partialFingerprints` property of `result` object. This property is required by the GitHub Advanced Security service.
- Introduces a single `ReportingDescriptor` (rule) for syntax errors.
- Supports now the `responseFiles` property of `invocation` object.

**PHPStan** :

- Add `partialFingerprints` property of `result` object. This property is required by the GitHub Advanced Security service.
- Introduces a single `ReportingDescriptor` (rule) for analysis errors.

### Fixed

- for all converters, make path really relative to working directory.

**Full Changelog**: [1.2.0...1.3.0](https://github.com/llaville/sarif-php-sdk/compare/1.2.0...1.3.0)
